Now dont forget to add a communication system where they can chat with each other and answer each other questions, example gemma3 is thinking about something and has a question, it could ask llama3, or if llama3 is coding and he has an error or something happening where he doesnt know what to do, he could just ask gemma3. They both need to work as a duo as a bleeding-edge, next-generation, superintelligent, hyperintelligent, frontier, and truly beyond the beyond beyond state-of-the-art dev team, being able to execute and create any type of software in continuous execution mode. In this rhytm : plan, look AT EACH AND EVERY WORD IN THE PLAN FOPPOSSIBLE OPTIMIZATION, optimizes plan based on the otpimization he added, verify if everything looks to be good ( if so he moves to next step if not he checks whats not good and fixes it),. After planning how to create it, he starts creating all the files file by file with extreme precision for his goal ( goal : make every software perfect, have everything production ready making it unbeatable and dominating, have everything be the best. Always). He works in a sandbox environment where he can do anything from there, where he has a whole ass computer for himself where he can do anything a human could on a computer. And thats where he makes all the softwares, from that point on when they finally finished creating all the files, they scroll back to each and every single files and notes all possible optimizations, then after they optiomize everything based on what they both noted could be better ( combining both list smartly and startegically), then after they go thru every file againa dn hunt for bugs they could see while noting them file by file, when they are done that they debug eveerything based onw what they both noted and finally they makemall the documentation and test the system and if good they package it in a zip file and resend it to the human that asked for it in the specific conversation they were having. Meaning it needs to be like a chat bot, but that can start any task in continuous execution mode for software creation and go by the workflow mentionned upwards. So utilizing the existing structure of OpenManus from github ( https://github.com/mannaandpoem/OpenManus.git) could be a significant shortcut than doing it from 0. Meaning instead of taking llama and gemma maybe utilizing qwen2.5-omni-7b from hugging face ( https://huggingface.co/Qwen/Qwen2.5-Omni-7B) could be a shortcut too and better for our system. Meaning taking the 2nd model it could be open-r1/OlympicCoder-7B ( https://huggingface.co/open-r1/OlympicCoder-7B). aND MAKING OR EDITING FILES FROM THEYRE SYSTEM TO COMBINE THEM WITH THE OPENMANUS STRUCTURE FOR THE AGENTIC ADVANTAGE WOULD MAKE IT BEST. EVERYTHING COULD BE COMPLETELY LOCAL WIHT OUR HYPERINTELLIGENT DEV TEAM. ARE YOU READY FOR THIS6 IF YES EXECUTE ALL OF THIS MENTIONNED IN THIS CURRENT MESSAGE AND DONT STOP, JUST EXECUTE MY GUY!